Daddy Pig's birthday
Today is Daddy Pig's birthday.
Daddy Pig has to go to work.
Daddy, I wish you don't have to
work on your birthday.
So do I, but I'll be home
as soon as I can.
See you later.
While Daddy Pig is at work,
we can get all his birthday surprises ready.
First, we'll make
daddy's birthday cake.
We start with butterand sugar and flour,
then we add an egg,
and most important of all,
the chocolate pieces.
Mummy Pig is making a chocolate cake.
Daddy Pig loves chocolate cake.
I give it a stir.
Mummy, may I stir?
Yes, Peppa.
Peppa loves stirring,
George wants to go.
Okay, George,
that's enough stirring.
There,
Daddy Pig's chocolate cake.
Hooray!
Now we just have to
bake it in the oven.
Mummy, can I lick the spoon?
Yes, you can lick the spoon
and George can lick the bowl.
Yippee.
Peppa and George love
chocolate cake mixture.
Poor Daddy Pig,
he's missing all the fun.
Mummy, can I ring daddy work
and say happy birthday?
That's a nice idea.
This is the office
where Daddy Pig works.
Hello, Mr. Rabbit speaking.
May I speak to Daddy Pig, please.
Someone foryou, Daddy Pig.
It sounds important.
Hello, Daddy Pig speaking.
Happy birthday, daddy.
Happy birthday!
Thank you, Peppa.
Don't be late home,
daddy, byebye
Bye bye.
Happy birthday, Daddy Pig.
Thank you.
That's just one more thing to do
before daddy gets home.
Yes, Daddy Pig's birthday surprise.
Shhhh... George, remember,
it is a secret.
Shhhh...
Peppa and George have buckets of water,
Mummy Pig has balloons.
I wonderwhat's Daddy Pig's birthday
surprise indeed.
Daddy's home.
Quick, back to the house.
Daddy Pig is home from work.
Happy birthday, Daddy Pig.
Thank you, everyone.
Wow, what a lot of candles.
That's because you are
very very old, daddy.
You must blow out
all yourcandles in one go.
I'll do my best.
Hooray!
And here's your birthday present.
Thank you,
new boots, fantastic!
Let's try them out.
Peppa, George and Mummy Pig
are wearing theirboots,
Daddy Pig is wearing
his birthday boots.
Daddy Pig has found
a little puddle.
Let. S see if the boots work.
The puddle is a bit too little
for Daddy Pig.
Mm, what I need is a big puddle.
Why not try over here, Daddy Pig
Oh, what's this?
It's your special birthday surprise.
Shhh... Shhh...
what are they up to?
A big muddy puddle.
Fantastic!
My birthday boots work perfectly.
Would you care to join me
in my birthday muddy puddle?
Daddy Pig loves jumping up and down
in muddy puddles.
Everyone loves jumping up and down
This is my best birthday ever.